Add acceleration extension to accommodate extra scope (#489)
canton-foundation/canton-dev-fund: proposals/2026-02-DA-Traffic-Based-App-Rewards.md

- Resolution of any issues arising during MainNet deployment.  
- All code merged into the open-source Canton and Splice repositories with appropriate unit and integration test coverage.  
- Updated Splice documentation covering the traffic-based reward configuration, new Scan API endpoints, `RewardCouponV2` lifecycle, dry-run mode operation, and SV onboarding interaction with reward accounting.  

> - Featured app weights and mechanisms for adjusting those weights as proposed in [the corresponding CIP-0104 amendment](TODO).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Featured app weights and mechanisms for adjusting those weights as proposed in [the corresponding CIP-0104 amendment](https://github.com/canton-foundation/cips/pull/238).
```
